<?xml version="1.0" encoding="US-ASCII"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Triangle Solver</title>
</head>
<body>
<script type="text/javascript" src="engine.js">
window.alert("Failed to load math engine.");
</script>
<script type="text/javascript">
function externBrowserFetch(id) {
    "use strict";
    var dataOut = parseFloat(document.getElementById(id).value);
    return (dataOut);
}
function externBrowserWriteBack(id, data) {
    "use strict";
    document.getElementById(id).innerHTML = data;
    return;
}
</script>
<div>
<fieldset>
<legend>Arc Measures for the Three Angles</legend>
<table>
<tr><td><i>mA</i></td><td>=</td><td><input type="text" id="mA" value="60"/> degrees</td></tr>
<tr><td><i>mB</i></td><td>=</td><td><input type="text" id="mB" value="60"/> degrees</td></tr>
<tr><td><i>mC</i></td><td>=</td><td><input type="text" id="mC" value="60"/> degrees</td></tr>
</table>
</fieldset>
<fieldset>
<legend>Segment Measures for the Three Sides</legend>
<table>
<tr><td><i>AB</i></td><td>=</td><td><input type="text" id="AB" value="1"/> units</td></tr>
<tr><td><i>AC</i></td><td>=</td><td><input type="text" id="AC" value="1"/> units</td></tr>
<tr><td><i>BC</i></td><td>=</td><td><input type="text" id="BC" value="1"/> units</td></tr>
</table>
</fieldset>
<fieldset>
<legend>Other Triangle Properties</legend>
<table>
<tr><td><i>P</i></td><td>=</td><td><input type="text" id="perimeter" value="0"/> units</td></tr>
<tr><td><i>A</i></td><td>=</td><td><input type="text" id="area" value="0"/> square units</td></tr>
</table>
</fieldset>
<button onclick="DOM_callback()">Evaluate</button>
<fieldset>
<legend>Results</legend>
<i>mA</i> = <code id="A">null</code> degrees,
<i>mB</i> = <code id="B">null</code> degrees,
<i>mC</i> = <code id="C">null</code> degrees<br/>
<i>AB</i> = <code id="c">null</code> units,
<i>AC</i> = <code id="b">null</code> units,
<i>BC</i> = <code id="a">null</code> units<br/>
<i>P</i> = <code id="P">null</code> units,
<i>A</i> = <code id="T">null</code> square units
</fieldset>
Rules for solving a triangle using this script:
<ul>
<li>Only floating-point decimal quantities can be read--no expressions.</li>
<li>Insufficient information might be treated as conflicting or invalid.</li>
<li>Conflicting or contradictory information results in undefined behavior.</li>
<li>The perimeter is sufficient if at least two side lengths are known.</li>
<li>For a right triangle, the area and one leg length is sufficient.</li>
<li>Knowing nothing but all three angle measures is never sufficient.</li>
</ul>
Currently unsupported till the near future:
<ul>
<li>Advanced trigonometry for one-angle-two-sides or one-side-two-angles.</li>
<li>Solve regular triangles when only the perimeter or area are known.</li>
<li>Isosceles triangle rules for filling in more information.</li>
<li>Use the area of a right triangle and its hypotenuse, not a leg length.</li>
<li>?? more ??</li>
</ul>
</div>
</body>
</html>
